Add new algorithm (#5)
MarcoMene/epidemics-suppression: README.md

git clone https://github.com/MarcoMene/epidemics-suppression.git
cd epidemics-suppression
```

> The dependencies of the library are described in the file `pyproject.toml`. To install them, you first need to install [Poetry](https://python-poetry.org/docs/), and then run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The library runs on Python 3.8. The dependencies of the library are provided in the file `pyproject.toml`. To install them, you first need to install [Poetry](https://python-poetry.org/docs/), and then run
```
